docs: add infra-agent 1.78.0 release notes (#24787)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/infrastructure-release-notes/infrastructure-agent-release-notes/new-relic-infrastructure-agent-1780.mdx

---
subject: Infrastructure agent
releaseDate: '2026-07-13'
version: 1.78.0
features: []
bugs: 
  - fix panic due to double close
  - fix bind local server to only localhost by default
chore:
  - 'update dependency newrelic/nri-flex to v1.18.7'
  - 'update dependency newrelic/nri-winservices to v1.5.3'
  - 'update dependency newrelic/nri-prometheus to v2.29.4'
  - 'update dependency newrelic/nri-docker to v2.8.1'
  - 'update dependency newrelic/nri-flex to v1.18.8'
  - 'update dependency Go to 1.26.5'
  - 'update newrelic-fluent-bit-output to 3.7.0 (linux)'
---

A new version of the agent has been released. Follow standard procedures to [update the Infrastructure agent](/docs/infrastructure/install-configure-manage-infrastructure/update-or-uninstall/update-infrastructure-agent).
New Relic recommends that you upgrade the agent regularly and at a minimum every 3 months. As of this release, the oldest supported version is [Infrastructure agent 1.65.3](/docs/release-notes/infrastructure-release-notes/infrastructure-agent-release-notes/new-relic-infrastructure-agent-1653/).

## Changed

> * fix panic due to double close in https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/pull/2270

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a panic condition caused by a double close operation. [2270](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/pull/2270)
```

> * fix bind local server to only localhost by default in https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/pull/2271

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the local server binding behavior to default strictly to localhost. [2271](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/pull/2271)
```

* update dependency newrelic/nri-flex to v1.18.7 in https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/pull/2273
* update dependency newrelic/nri-winservices to v1.5.3 in https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/pull/2279
* update dependency newrelic/nri-prometheus to v2.29.4 in https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/pull/2276
* update dependency newrelic/nri-docker to v2.8.1 in https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/pull/2277
* update dependency newrelic/nri-flex to v1.18.8 in https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/pull/2278
* update dependency to 1.26.5 in https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/pull/2275

> * update dependency newrelic-fluent-bit-output to 3.7.0 (linux) in https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/pull/2280 to address CVE-2026-39820, CVE-2026-42499, CVE-2026-33814, CVE-2026-42501, CVE-2026-33811, CVE-2026-42504

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Dependency updates:
    * Updated `newrelic/nri-flex` to `v1.18.8`. [#2278](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/pull/2278)
    * Updated `newrelic/nri-winservices` to `v1.5.3`. [#2279](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/pull/2279)
    * Updated `newrelic/nri-prometheus` to `v2.29.4`. [#2276](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/pull/2276)
    * Updated `newrelic/nri-docker` to `v2.8.1`. [#2277](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/pull/2277)
    * Updated the core agent dependency to `v1.26.5`. [#2275](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/pull/2275)
    * Updated `newrelic-fluent-bit-output` to `v3.7.0` (Linux) to resolve security vulnerabilities CVE-2026-39820, CVE-2026-42499, CVE-2026-33814, CVE-2026-42501, CVE-2026-33811, and CVE-2026-42504. [#2280](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/pull/2278)
```
